---
title: SFDW Digital Marketing Using Photos and Videos #
date: Wed, 01 Jan 2020 16:00:00 +0000
---
OverviewA workshop on mobile photography and videography. At the end of the course, participants will acquire the essential skills to make simple visual sequences for use on digital/online platforms using photos and videos.The key topics are:Online/Social Media PlatformsTypes of Content for Online/Social Media and Techniques to Engage & Build CustomersCustomer Journey: Re-marketing, Social Media Analytics, Online/Social Media CrisisCyber SecurityIP Rules & Regulations and Sources for Content/MediaVisual Storytelling: Basics of Framing & CompositionTelling Stories through PhotosEvent Coverage on VideosMobile Camera TechniquesPost-ProductionDuration2 DaysDate-Note: For online classes, participants are required to attend lessons via a personal computer (laptop, desktop, or tablet with a front-facing camera) to optimise the learning experience and for the purpose of taking attendance. Parts of the training will include activities that may require the use of mobile phones, such as capturing photos and videos while attending classes online.Time9:00am to 6:00pmFee (Inclusive of 7% GST)Full Fee: S$642.00For Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents -Fee after SSG Funding*: S$50Fee after SSG and NETF# Funding*: S$10For Long Term Visit Pass Plus (LTVP+) Holders -Fee after SSG Funding*: S$50 *Terms and conditions apply#NTUC-Education and Training Fund (NETF) - Applicable for NTUC Members only. More Information:  NETF@SFDW  |  FAQs
STUDENT TESTIMONIAL“The 3 teachers (Nicole, Andrea, and Ray) are all great trainers and very engaging with the students. The content is comprehensive and well-paced. Even when I have studied a marketing course before, the material is fresh because it is updated and relevant to the current situation. Though my digital photography and video skills are super poor, Ray's teaching is still at a pace that I could follow and possibly retain. The use of apps for engagement and audience feedback and the introduction of new apps and features all added tremendous value. This course was fantastic - 5-star! Would recommend!”-  Ng Simei

 Back to SkillsFuture for Digital Workplace