---
title: * Train to Thrive: Funding Your Training - SGUnited Jobs and Skills Package #
date: Tue, 29 Sep 2020 09:28:10 +0000
---
OverviewAre you a job seeker? Tap on the SGUnited Jobs and Skills Package so that you can pick up new skills, train for your next career move, and access the S$1,200 monthly training allowance throughout the course of study. The course fees are highly subsidised, and the nett fees can be offset by the SkillsFuture Credit.Singapore Media Academy presents the Train To Thrive on SGUnited Jobs and Skills Package to guide you on how to access to the funding. In this session, the SkillsFuture Advice team from South West CDC will give you some tips on staying resilient during this pandemic and answer some of the questions you may have about the SGUnited Skills Initiative.  We will also tell you more about the SGUnited Skills Programmes offered by Singapore Media Academy.Duration1.5 HoursDate14 October 2020Time3:00pmSpeakersSouth West CDC SkillsFuture Advice Team -Yin Khay WaiKhay Wai is a Team Leader (SkillsFuture Advice) with Employment and Employability Institute (e2i). She possesses more than 8 years of working experience in both the public and private sectors.Prior to the current role, Khay Wai worked in Human Resources in the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA). She realised the importance of how constant upgrading and having the relevant skills set can help a candidate during the recruitment process. With that in mind, she looks to advocate the importance of lifelong learning to her participants.Academically, Khay Wai holds a Bachelor of Business (HR Consulting) from the Nanyang Technological University.Mabelene TaiMabelene is a Manager (SkillsFuture Advice) with Employment and Employability Institute (e2i). She has over 7 years of experience in both the public and private sectors, specialising in business development and training for organisation development. She is passionate about helping companies retain talent and engaging individuals in personal development and lifelong learning.Having been exposed to various industries and organisations, Mabelene hopes to bring more awareness to the public about the importance of constant upskilling to keep up with the changing environment. With her experience in engaging both the public and corporate companies, she is comfortable reaching out to learners from all walks of life.Academically, Mabelene holds a Degree in Economics and Finance from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology.